Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning.
So we've learned quite a lot in this section of the course.
Let's summarize what we've talked about.
All right so here we go.
We started with an input image to which we applied multiple different feature detectors or also called
filters to create these feature maps.
And this comprises our convolutional lair.
Then on top of that Warshel there we applied the loo or rectified linear unit to remove any energy or
increase non-linearity in our images.
Then we applied a puling Alair to our kind of delusional there.
So from every single feature map we created a puled feature map and basically the pulling Lehre has
lots of advantages.
The main purpose of the pooling Lair is to make sure that we have a special spatial invariance in our
images.
So basically if something tilts or twists or is a bit different to the ideal scenario then we can still
pick up that feature plus pulling significantly reduces the size of our images are also pooling helps
with avoiding any kind of overfitting of our data or overall model to the data because it just simply
gets rid of a lot of that data.
But at the same time pooling preserves the main features that we're after just because the way instruction
and the pooling were used was Max pooling.
Then we flattened all of the pooled images into one long a vector or a column of all of these values
and we put that into an artificial neural network and that was Step Three flattening and Step four is
a fully connected artificial neural network where all of these features are processed through a network
and then we have this final Lehre final fully collected Lehre which performs the voting towards the
classes that we're after and then all of this is trained through a forward propagation and back propagation
process.
And lots of lots of iterations and a pox and in the end we have a very well defined neural network and
the computer.
Another important thing is not only the weights are trained in artificial neural network part but also
the feature detectors are trained and adjusted in that same and gradient decent process and that allows
us to come up with the best feature maps.
And in the end we get a fully trained convolutional neural network which can recognize images and classify
them.
So there we go.
That's how can the volitional neural networks work.
And now you should be totally comfortable with this concept and ready to proceed to the practical applications.
If you'd like to do some additional reading then there's a great blog by added to disband from 2016.
You can see the link up there at the bottom.
So the blog is called The Nine deep learning papers you need to know about understanding CNN's part
three and this blog actually gives you a short overview of nine different CNN's that have been created
by people like licken and others which you can then go ahead and study further.
So there will be a lot of new things that will be totally new to you and that you will have to get your
head around but just keep this blog in mind are these nine papers in mind.
And even if you're not ready to go through them right now maybe after the practical tutorials maybe
after you do some additional training in the space of deep learning slowly you can then reference these
works and ideally I think you will get a lot of value through looking through other people's neural
networks and how they structured their own relational nets and that will help you understand what are
the best practices and why people did certain things in a certain way and that will help you with your
architecture of neural networks because neural networks and convolutional neural networks are not an
exception.
They are like an architecture challenge you have to come up with a idea and then structure and then
adjust it and tweak it to get the best possible design and the best possible and optimal performance.
So there we go.
That's us for today.
I hope you enjoyed today's tutorial and this whole section and I look for.
See you next time.
Until then enjoy deep learning.